Add justification for deprecating 7050 (#1)
buraglio/draft-buraglio-deprecate7050: draft-buraglio-deprecate7050.md

    fullname: Nick Buraglio
    organization: Energy Sciences Network
    email: "buraglio@forwardingplane.net"
 -
    fullname: Tommy Jensen
    organization: Microsoft
    email: "tojens.ietf@gmail.com"
normative:

informative:
  RFC6105:
  RFC7050:
  RFC8781:
  RFC9463:
  RFC9499:

--- abstract

> [RFC7050] describes a method for detecting the presence of DNS64 and for learning the IPv6 prefix used for protocol translation on an access network. This methodology depends on the existence of a well-known IPv4-only fully qualified domain name "ipv4only.arpa.". Because newer methods exist that lack the requirement of a higher level protocol, instead using existing operations in the form of native router advertisements, discovery of the IPv6 prefix used for protocol translation using [RFC7050] is deprecated to legacy status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RFC7050] describes a method for detecting the presence of DNS64 and for learning the IPv6 prefix used for protocol translation ([RFC6145]). This methodology depends on the existence of a well-known IPv4-only fully qualified domain name "ipv4only.arpa.". Because newer methods exist that lack the requirement of a higher level protocol, instead using existing operations in the form of native router advertisements, discovery of the IPv6 prefix used for protocol translation using [RFC7050] is deprecated to legacy status.
```

# Existing issues with RFC 7050

> In addition to [RFC7050] creating a wider attack surface for IPv6 deployments, it has additional challenges worth noting to justify declaring it legacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to creating a wider attack surface for IPv6 deployments, [RFC7050]  has additional challenges worth noting to justify declaring it legacy.
```
